[Ethereal melody;
Soothing. bell-like percussion]
[Delicate violin plucking]
[Sustained.
warm violin tone joins]
[Music fades]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[Squelching]
[Squelching stops]
[Grand. ominous music]
[Dreamy twinkling;
Music continues]
- [Loud clamour]
- [Paparazzi] Elisabeth!
- We love you!
- We love you. Elisabeth!
- Please!
- Over here!
Oh my God. we love you!
- [Clamour fades]
- [Passerby. in Spanish] I love her.
- [Indistinct laughter]
- [Man. in English] Sparkle!
[Passerby 2]...my favourite.
[Passerby 3] Wanna get something to eat?
[Passerby 4] Yeah. I'll get a pretzel.
or something.
[Wind blows;
Soft crackle]
- [Passerby 5] Remember her?
- [Passerby 6] She was in that movie... Uh!
[Music turns haunting]
[Passerby 7] We're gonna have to let her
know we're gonna be late.
[Passerby 8] Yeah. I'll give her a text.
[Passerby 9] He owes me 20 bucks.
[Loud honks. traffic clutter;
Music concludes]
[Indistinct yelling]
[Man with the trolley] Get out the way!
[In Spanish] Vamos!
[Drilling nearby]
[Passerby 10. in English] Shit!
[Traffic clutter and honking continue]
[Hammering nearby]
[Hammering blends with
upbeat workout music]
You got it!
Feel that power. ladies!
And march! Get those knees up.
You got it!
Come on!
Front.
Kick!
Oh yeah. you got it!
Square.
Think about those bikini bods.
You wanna look
like a giant jellyfish on the beach?
Come on.
Cross.
Push.
Kick! Come on. you got it!
Hang in there. ladies. you've got it.
[Subtle buzz]
You've got it!
[She cheers] Whoo!
Great workout. ladies.
Alright. I hope I see you next week
for Sparkle Your Life.
We're gonna work on the lateral abs.
you know.
the most difficult part to sculpt.
But in the meantime.
take care of yourself.
[Buzz;
Strident ring]
[Director] Move it back. position one.
[Elisabeth] Great job. ladies.
You got it.
[Crew member] Alright.
get these lights down for me.
[Indistinct chatter]
[Subtle reverberation]
[She exhales. deeply]
[Quiet elevator music on speaker]
- Happy birthday!
- Oh. thank you.
- Happy birthday.
- [Elisabeth] Oh. thank you.
- Thank you.
[Music fades;
Electric buzz]
I don't care if we have to see every
fucking young girl in this fucking town
in the next few weeks!
- Look.
- [Belt buckle clinks]
I'll make it simple.
We need her young.
We need her hot.
We need her now.
[Zipper scratches]
How the old bitch has been able
to stick around for this long.
that's the fucking mystery to me.
[Urine streams]
Oh. Oscar winner my ass.
When was that? Back in the 30s.
what. for King Kong?
- [Producer on mobile] ...promised her...
- No.
I don't give a fuck
what we promised her!
This is network TV.
not a fucking charity.
- Find me somebody new!
- [Zipper scratches]
Now!
[Urinal flushes]
Hey. did you know that a woman's fertility
starts to decrease about the age of 25?
How old is Jennifer?
[He laughs] You better get busy!
[Toilet flushes]
[Synth beat. uneasy music]
- [Deep. resonating thud]
- [Music stops]
[Man] It's like when you see
someone fart on screen.
[Insect buzzing]
[Muffled squelching]
- [Incidental restaurant music]
- People just love that.
I mean. that's just the way it is.
[Muffled. distorted squelching]
[In French] C'est la vie.
[In English] People are just people.
And I have to give people
what they want.
That's what keeps the shareholders happy.
And people always ask
for something new.
Renewal
is inevitable.
And at 50...
well...
[Muffled. distorted squelching]
it stops.
What stops?
- [Restaurant music stops]
- What?
What stops?
Um...
you know. the...
[Music resumes]
the...
[Squelching]
Oh. George!
Oh. oh!
I'm sorry. I gotta run.
- [George] Harvey!
- [Harvey squeals]
[Harvey] George. those ratings are insane!
You're a genius!
Oh what a mensch. you're a genius!
Let's buy you a drink. come on.
- [Lively conversation in the background]
- [Music muffles. distorts]
[Muffled thud;
Low-pitched humming]
[Humming blends with traffic ambience]
[Loud bang. tires screech]
[Car alarm goes off]
[Alarm fades]
[Doctor] Well. it's your lucky day.
Miss Sparkle.
'cause we have X-rayed
you from head to toe.
and you don't have so much
as a cracked molar.
So. you are good to go.
- Um. vaccination. okay.
- [Subtle reverberation]
[His voice muffles] Not currently
on any medication.
- [Reverberation stops]
- By the way. I just want to say. my...
my wife is a huge fan.
Um...
Blood type...
Oh hey. it's your birthday!
- Happy bir...
- [She cries. sniffles]
[Pager vibrates]
Oh. uh. that's an emergency.
I'm sorry. I have to...
Have a good...
Bye.
[Footsteps recede. door opens]
[Door closes]
- [Abrupt. deep reverberation]
- [Nurse] One moment.
There's just one last exam to perform.
I thought he said I was good to go.
[She gasps]
[Muffled heartbeat]
[Soft. uneasy droning tone]
- Is there a problem?
- No. it's perfect.
You're a good candidate.
I mean. you're good to go.
I wish you the best.
[Droning tone builds up]
[Tone fades]
[Sirens blare in the distance]
[Soft. droning tone resumes]
[Tone intensifies]
- [Man] Lizzie?
- [Tone stops. abruptly]
Lizzie Sparkle?
Oh my God. I can't believe it.
Fred!
Fred. from 10th grade home room!
Oh...
Fred. of course!
You haven't changed a bit.
You're still the most beautiful girl
in the whole wide world.
You know. I followed your career.
What a success! I mean...
Wow. wow. wow!
Wow.
[Fred] Hey...
Why don't we go out
maybe for a drink some time?
Now that we're.
you know. "reconnected".
Um...
- [Fred] Oh. of course.
- I'm...
- I'm stupid. you're super busy.
- [Elisabeth] But you know what?
Why don't you give me your card?
I mean. you never know.
[Fred] Um...
Here...
This will do.
Don't look at my cholesterol levels.
they're a disaster.
- Oh. God!
- Oh. that's...
There.
Now. you've got it!
[She clicks her tongue. he laughs]
[Silently] Call me.
[Synth beat;
soft. uneasy violin music
[Music continues]
[Music fades]
[Subtle buzz]
[Eerie synth screech]
[Deep voice] Have you ever dreamt
of a better version of yourself?
[Frenetic electronic beats]
Younger.
More beautiful.
More perfect.
One single injection unlocks your DNA.
starting a new cellular division
that will release
another version of yourself.
This is...
[Eerie synth screech]
The Substance.
- [Electronic beats continue]
- You are the matrix.
Everything comes from you.
And everything is you.
This is simply
a better version of yourself.
You just have to share.
One week for one.
And one week for the other.
A perfect balance of seven days each.
The one and only thing not to forget.
You are one.
- [Music stops]
- You can't escape from yourself.
[TV hisses]
[Silence]
[High-pitched note. abrupt thud]
[Metallic clank]
- [Song plays in bar Fade Away. by Pyrit]
- ♪ You slip through my fingers
♪ And you drop to the ground
- ♪ You fade away ♪
- [No audible dialogue]
♪ Fade away ♪
[She retches. spits]
[Airy howling]
[Toilet flushes]
[Howling intensifies]
[She sighs]
[Howling continues;
Sirens blare in the distance]
[Dreamy twinkling]
[Paparazzi. muffled] Here. Elisabeth...
Elisabeth. we love you!
We love you...
[Loud. resonating thud;
Music stops]
[Metallic clank]
[Metallic clank;
Ringback tone]
[Deep voice. on mobile] Yes?
Hello.
[Deep breathing]
I'd like...
to order.
Address?
1057 Beverly Canyon.
[Deep voice] Write this down.
35 North Byron Alley.
[Elisabeth] 35 North...
[Abrupt click. disconnected tone]
[Car alarm goes off in the distance]
[She sighs. moans softly]
[Deep. muffled thuds]
[Vacuum cleaner whirrs]
[Whirring blends
with uneasy. drone-like music]
[Whirring fades]
[Music fades. whirring resumes]
[Eerie synth screech]
[Slow-paced synth bass pulses]
[Propulsive electronic music]
[Music subsides;
Sirens blare in the distance]
[Hollow drone]
[Bird squawks]
[Drone fades]
[High-pitched beeps;
Metallic whirr]
[Hollow. ominous drone]
[Drone fades]
[Deep. unsettling reverberation]
[Unsettling reverberation distorts;
Drone resumes]
[Deep. unsettling reverberation]
[Reverberation resonates]
[Music fades]
[Deep voice resonates] You are the matrix.
Everything comes from you.
And everything is you.
This is simply
a better version of yourself.
[Suspenseful music]
[Deep reverberations]
[Music intensifies]
[Reverberations and music fade]
[She scoffs]
[She sighs]
[Deep. muffled thud]
[Distorted. raw scream reverberates]
[Reverberation stops]
[She grunts]
[She breathes heavily]
[Ominous. distorted drone;
She moans]
[Music dampens and fades]
[Deep. muffled stingers]
[Squelching]
[Sharp. eerie stinger]
[Distorted eerie synth screeches]
[Music builds]
[Scratchy. unsettling synth;
Deep revereration]
[Music subsides;
Deep. distorted growling]
[Distressed. laboured breathing]
[Sharp. aggressive music]
[Muffled flapping and squelching]
[Music crescendos]
[Music stops. resonates]
[Muffled heartbeats]
[Dampened. agitated breathing]
[Soft squelching]
[Breathing stops]
[Squelching continues]
[Twinkling]
[Resonating breathing]
[Pulsating synth beat.
uneasy music]
[Squelching]
[Ominous reverberations]
[Soft grunts]
[Deep. resonating pounding]
[Music fades]
Hello.
[High-pitched ringing]
[Ringing intensifies;
Soft squelching]
[Suspenseful music;
Heartbeats]
[Ringing intensifies]
[Heartbeats race]
[Music crescendos]
[Muffled. agitated breathing]
[Deep. resonating breath]
[Music and ringing stop]
[Breathy. mysterious synth]
[Music fades]
[Dance music in the distance]
[Alarming electronic beats]
[Trap music in background]
[Music stops]
Thanks.
We'll let you know by next week.
[Woman] Thank you so much.
I'm just dying to get the part.
[Door closes]
Great dancer.
Too bad her boobs aren't in the middle
of her face instead of that nose.
[Man] Mm-hmm.
Next!
[Door opens]
[Subtle drone]
[Alarming electronic beats]
Looks like everything
sure is in the right place this time.
Please say your name.
age. measurements.
[Music intensifies]
[With echo] I'm...
Sue.
[Eerie synth screech]
[High-pitched. fast-paced whirring]
I'm Sue.
Sue. Sue. Sue.
[Harvey. excited] Where is she?
Where is she?
[Resonating metallic thud]
[Muffled thud]
[Quiet elevator music]
What a gorgeous
little
angel!
[Resonating click;
Deep thump]
[Loud sizzle]
You're hired.
We want a show
that's just like you.
Beautiful and happy.
People want to be happy.
[He drums his hands on the table]
We air in two weeks.
so let's get to work.
I'm gonna let you organize
the rest with my assistant...
Um...
[Woman] Isabella.
[Sarcastically] Isa. Isa. Isa...
who has time to say that?
[Loud sizzling]
We're gonna make you Cindy.
It's shorter.
It's better.
So. I'm gonna let you organise
everything else with Cindy.
Oh... Um.
before you go.
I just have to mention a...
small scheduling issue.
- [Unsettling reverberation]
- I have to be
out of town every other week.
To take care of my mother.
Who's very sick.
[Reverberation intensifies;
Subtle beats]
I want you for this show.
And we will work around
any mother. brother.
fucking sick puppy
you need to take care of.
Mm?
Gorgeous. with a pure heart.
People are gonna love that.
[Pulsating electronic music]
[Music continues]
[Deep. resonating breath]
[Photographer. muffled] Perfect.
[Music subsides]
[She sighs]
[Music fades]
[Music resumes]
[Deep. resonating breath]
- [Music continues]
- So you jump out.
Touch your elbows.
Head
down.
Contract.
And five. six. seven. eight.
Elbows.
[Music stops. resonates]
[Music resumes]
[Music fades]
[Piercing. sustained ring]
[Subtle. suspenseful music]
[Music continues]
- [Music stops]
- [Thick thumps]
[Muffled. heavy breathing]
[Sharp stinger;
Raw. gut-wrenching scream]
[Elisabeth groans]
[She grunts]
[Heavy breathing;
ethereal music]
[Deep reverberation]
[Reverberation continues]
[Uneasy buzzing]
[Music fades]
Oh!
There she is!
Oh.
Where have you been?
We've all been wanting to have
a drink with you for your departure.
Anyway...
we all chipped in.
and we got you just a little something.
To keep you busy.
It's French.
My wife. she swears by it.
Oh. I love my wife.
Oops. I gotta run.
But it's always great to see you.
[Faint. oppressive music]
[Music continues]
[She sighs]
[Indistinct cheering on TV]
And we're ba...
Which is the most valuable seafood?
...are expensing stock options.
Most of the nation...
Bob and Judy. are you ready?
[Click] ...know what you'll be toting
around for the rest of your days?
[Click] ...the field. kids on the f...
- [Indistinct voice on TV]
- [Music continues]
[Music continues]
[TV host] The antelope and
the deer moving about.
- A hunt through the...
- [TV program stops abruptly]
[Uneasy music fades]
[TV on in the background] ...only
at the Worldwide Shopping channel
we have a beautiful. beautiful
straight outta Africa...
[Elisabeth sighs]
...$8.99. 99.
In less than a minute
we have it here today
- [Door slams]
- ...99. 99. I can't believe this price...
[Upbeat. energetic workout music]
[Deep. muffled breath;
Music stops]
[Sizzle]
[Water drop resonates]
[Workout music resumes]
- [Music stops]
- ...98. with remote.
I cannot believe the incredible price.
For $49.98. shoppers.
Look at the quality of this thing.
This thing is sturdy.
Beautiful.
Listen to your music at home. shoppers.
$49.98. I'll take one myself.
Put it right there.
hold that one for me.
that one's mine.
How can you ever...
[Uneasy music resonates]
[Sue sighs]
[Thick. deep knocks]
[Deep stinger resonates]
- [Hollow knocks]
- [She gasps. softly]
[Music continues]
[Deep reverberation]
[Deep. resonating thump]
[Alarming electronic beats]
[Hammering and drilling in the background]
[Indistinct knocks]
- [Music stops]
- [Neighbour] God damn it. lady. come on!
I haven't slept in three nights!
- [Loud knocks on door]
- Open up! God damn it!
Are you gonna open...
[He hesitates] Um...
Sorry.
I thought that Ms. Sparkle...
She moved out.
I'm the new tenant.
Sue.
[He clears his throat] Oler...
Oler...
Oliker.
[Sue] You wanted to complain
about something?
Oliver?
What?
No.
No. no. no...
I think it's awesome when there's stuff
going on in the building.
- You know what I mean?
- [He laughs nervously]
Um...
I'm actually...
quite handy.
If you ever need...
need me to be of aid in any way.
I got a sack of tools. and...
I got a big hammer.
You know what I mean.
Anyways. I live right here.
So you know where to find me.
Anytime.
Day or night.
Later.
[Door slams. resonates]
[Sharp powering up stinger]
[Resonating twinkling;
Deep electrifying drone]
[Muffled footsteps]
- [Music stops]
- Hi everybody.
- [Low-volume workout music]
- I'm Sue.
And it's time to pump it up!
Are you ready?
Let's go.
[Music plays electronic version
of Pump It Up. by Danzel]
[Muffled exhalation]
[Music builds]
♪ It's not so long ago
♪ That the sound hit the nation
♪ Every Saturday night
♪ On your favourite radio
♪ Can you feel it?
♪ Don't you know?
♪ You've got to pump it up
♪ Pump it up!
[Music stops. resonates]
[Sue pants]
[Sharp stinger]
Thank you so much. everybody.
I'll see you next week.
Oh...
And in the meantime...
take care of yourself.
[Breezy exhalation;
Magical ding]
[Abrupt powering down stinger;
Strident ring]
[Harvey] Where is she?
[Crowd cheers]
There she is!
[Delicate music]
Wonderful. wonderful.
That's what I'm talking about!
[Music subsides]
[Elevator music on speaker]
[Eerie synth screech;
Frenetic electronic beats]
[Muffled exhalation]
[Footsteps resonate]
[Music subsides]
[She whispers] I won't be out late.
so just wait for me.
Don't eat too fast.
[Music resumes]
[Music stops. resonates]
- [Woman] Let's go!
- [People cheer]
[Car engine starts]
[Engine revs. tires screech]
[Music and cheering fade]
[Quiet reverberation]
[Door closes]
[Footsteps in the distance]
[Soft laughter;
Glass clinks]
[Pop music in the distance]
[Music volume increases]
[They breathe heavily]
[Music muffles]
[She grunts]
[Music resumes;
She moans]
[Suspenseful music]
[High-pitched ring
obscures music]
[Muffled panting]
Are you alright?
[Ring fades]
Yes. I'll be right back.
[Muffled panting and ring resume]
[Guttural grunts]
[She huffs]
[Eerie synth screech]
[Muffled raw scream]
[Dissonant. piercing screeches]
[Man] Are you alright?
[Low. rumbling drone]
[High-pitched ringing;
Muffled grunt]
[Deep exhalation;
Ringing stops]
[Muffled heartbeat]
What did you do?
You seem
even more beautiful than before.
[Squelching]
[Distorted eerie synth screech]
- [Screech stops]
- [Deep gasp]
[She grunts]
[She coughs]
[She breathes heavily]
[She grunts]
[Door closes]
[Abrupt. high-pitched stinger]
[Ominous. sombre music]
[Scratchy string music joins]
[She pants]
[Muffled. pounding beats]
[Low. rumbling drone]
[Music subsides]
[She grunts]
[Ringback tone]
[Deep voice] Yes?
Yes. hi.
This is Elisabeth Sparkle.
I'm 503.
[Man] Yes.
Yes. hi.
There's been a slight
misuse of the Substance.
A few extra hours were accidentally
used.
Causing um...
an alteration.
So I'm just looking for
the procedure to reverse it.
[Deep voice] What has been used
on one side is lost on the other side.
There's no going back.
[Faint. heavy reverberation]
[She scoffs]
No... um...
I don't know what she was thinking.
And obviously she was drunk.
[Deep voice] Remember.
there is no "she" and "you".
You are one.
Respect the balance.
And you won't have
any more inconveniences.
[Abrupt click. disconnected tone]
[Door slams]
[Whirring]
[Pulsating drone rumbles]
[Music and whirring stop]
[Music plays electronic version
of Pump It Up ]
♪ Don't you know?
♪ You've got to pump it up
- [Song slows down]
- [Distorted] ♪ You've got to pump it up ♪
[Song blends with deep. ominous music]
[Distorted] ♪ You've got to pump it up ♪
[Music stops]
[Door bell rings;
She gasps]
[Oliver] Sue!
Sue?
I just saw you on TV.
Holy moly!
Makes me wanna join your class.
You don't give private lessons.
do you?
Hey. um...
What about a drink at my place tonight?
Come on. don't be shy.
I see you standing behind
the door there. gorgeous.
Alright.
Take your time.
But it's a date.
[He sings] ♪ You know. pump it up
♪ You've got to pump it up
♪ You know. pump it up
♪ You've got to pump it up ♪
[Unsettling. high-pitched creak]
[Sombre. deep reverberation]
[Unsettling bass beats]
- [Sudden cough in the distance]
- [Music stops]
[Deep. distorted voice]
[Strident ringing in the distance;
She gasps]
[Frenetic. pounding bass beats]
- [Frenetic music stops]
- [Quiet pop ballad on speaker]
[Waitress] What can I get you?
[She stammers] Mocha latte.
It's long. isn't it?
Excuse me?
Seven days.
[Subtle. ominous tone]
Did you follow me here?
[Man] I was just curious
to find out how things
were going for you.
Each time. you feel a little more...
lonely.
Don't you think?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm fine.
Everything's fine.
[Man] It gets harder each time
to remember that you
still deserve
to exist!
[Agitating rumble]
[Mildly distorted] That this part
of yourself
is still worth something.
that you
still matter!
[Music stops]
Has she started yet?
Eating away at you?
[Music crescendos]
- [Frantic. pulsating music]
- [She pants]
- [Biker] Fuck!
- [Music subsides]
Watch out!
[Music crescendos]
What?
[Motorcycle engine revs]
Hey!
Move!
[Music stops]
[She grunts]
[Synth beat. delicate music]
You're still the most beautiful girl
in the whole wide world.
- [She sighs]
- [Music fades]
[Ringback tone]
[Man on mobile] Hello?
Hi. Fred.
It's Lizzie.
Hello?
[Fred] Sorry. I'm in shock.
- Oh.
- [Fred] Wow. wow. wow!
I thought I'd never
hear from you again after...
Oh gosh. no. not at all.
I've just. I've just...
I've just been really busy lately.
So listen.
I was thinking that...
maybe we could get together
and grab a drink?
Are you still there?
[Fred] Sorry. I'm in shock again.
- [Fred laughs nervously]
- Um...
I could book Luigi's at 8?
Eight at Luigi's it is.
I...
I will see you tonight.
[Fred chuckles]
- [Fred] Bye.
- Okay. Bye.
[She sighs]
[Unsettling drone. suspenseful music]
[Music fades]
[Music resumes]
[Faint. hollow drone tone]
[Music subsides]
[Music resumes]
[Tense. intimidating rumble]
[Music stops]
[Music resumes. intensifies]
[She sighs]
[Music stops]
[Music resumes]
[Alarming beats. muffled]
[Distressed breathing]
[Music intensifies]
[Heavy. glitchy rumbling]
[Music subsides]
[Deep. resonating pumps]
[Muffled squelching]
[Deep synth screech]
[Screech stops. resonates]
[TV host] And we're back!
And welcome back to...
Bob and Judy. are you ready?
Hi everybody!
[Director] Okay. here we go everyone.
clear the set. please.
First positions. thank you.
- Roll cameras.
- [Loud beep]
And in...
Three. two...
one...
[Energetic workout music]
And squat. squat. squat.
Circle those hips.
Contract. contract. contract.
Head between your legs!
[Sue squeaks;
Music stops]
- [Man] Cut!
- [Strident ring]
Um...
I'm sorry. I thought I...
I thought I...
I just got distracted.
Not a problem. let's get right back to it.
Back to one. please.
[No audible dialogue]
Sorry. it's the control room now.
The director said he saw
something bizarre on the monitor.
Bring up the replay on camera 2.
Camera 2!
[Suspenseful. unsettling music]
- Forward.
- [High-pitched whirring]
Can I have my dressing gown?
- Sorry. it's in your dressing room.
- Well then. go and get it!
Let's just take this frame by frame.
[Sombre. pulsating music]
I need five minutes.
[Music subsides]
[She gasps]
[Subtle squelching]
[Music resumes]
[Agitated breathing]
[Muffled squelching]
[Music continues]
[She grunts]
[Music crescendos. stops]
[She screams. pants]
[Deep. airy howling]
[She scoffs]
[Music stops]
[Deep pumps]
- [Deep voice. on mobile] Yes?
- This balance is not working!
I barely have any time to enjoy myself.
while she wastes seven days.
stuffing her face in front of the TV!
[Deep voice] Remember.
there is no "she" and "you".
- You are...
- [She growls]
Hello everybody...
What's happening?
Where is everybody?
The taping's been cancelled.
What? Why?
[Man] Sue.
Harvey wants to see you
in his office immediately.
Okay.
I'll go change...
No. he said "Now".
[Unsettling reverberation]
I'll get right to the point.
We can't keep you
on the morning show.
But why? I just started.
Ratings are through the roof.
We started at 42.
Now we're up to. like...
[Men. in unison] 216.
It's phenomenal!
People love you!
They adore you!
They want more and more.
and more of you.
That is why we have decided
that we want you to host
the New Year's Eve show.
You mean the...
The network's biggest show.
Fifty million viewers.
Live.
- [Grand. emotive music]
- You can't go higher than that!
Now. it's gonna be intense.
We only have a few months
to pull it off. so...
Are you in?
[Sombre tone swells]
[Abrupt silence]
[High-pitched. eerie tone]
If you don't open the door
when opportunity knocks
you won't get another chance.
You of all people know this.
[High-pitched tone sustains;
Deep. sombre pumps]
[Menacing. pulsating music]
Just one more day.
and then I have a whole week off
we can switch.
[Music continues]
We're doing the cover of Vogue!
Just one more day. okay?
[Music resumes crescendos]
[Music stops]
[Deep sigh;
Faint. high-pitched buzzing]
[Elisabeth. screaming dreadfully] No!
[Frantic. disjointed music]
[Deep reverberation;
Alarming beats]
[Deep voice] Yes?
- [Music stops]
- She didn't respect the balance!
She's stealing
more and more time from me.
Completely without consideration
to the consequences.
She's a selfish bitch!
[Deep voice] Would you like to stop?
Stop?
[Deep voice] You are the matrix.
If you are not satisfied.
you can put an end to the experience
and go back to being just you.
on your own.
Would you like to stop?
Will it go back to the way it was before?
[Deep voice] What has been transferred
won't come back.
But you can stop
the experience as of now.
Would you like to stop?
To go back to being just you.
on your own?
[Eerie buzzing]
No.
No. no. no...
I can't stop.
She...
[Abrupt screech;
Aggressive pounding]
I...
The balance just needs to be respected.
So respect it.
[Abrupt click. disconnected tone]
Just stop it. Stop it.
Stop it. stop it. stop it.
[Sombre. pulsating reverberations]
- [Reverberations fade]
- [TV host] Bob. you are the winner!
So Bob. congratulations.
you've won $25.000.
Now you have one final chance
to answer a single question
in our big question round
and play for $250.000!
[Audience cheer]
Now. you'll have just 45 seconds...
[Bones crack;
She grunts]
[Faint. uneasy drone]
[Bones crack loudly;
She groans]
[She pants. loudly]
Just a little something
to keep you busy.
Fuck...
[Music intensifies]
[TV host] Yes. ladies and gentlemen.
she is here.
- [Music stops]
- The superstar
of the moment. Sue!
Are you ready? Let's welcome her!
Sue!
[Cheering and applause]
You popped up out of nowhere
on our screens like a tornado!
I don't think anybody
was really prepared for this whirlwind.
[Energetic workout music]
[Squelching. sombre reverberation]
It all started with the morning show.
And rumour has it.
that you are up
for Tom Grant's next movie.
[Squelching. sombre reverberation]
Ah. wait...
just a moment.
I'm being told you are going to host
the New Year's Eve show.
can you confirm this?
Yes. that's right.
[Sarcastically] Yes. that's right.
[Eerie. distorted screeches;
Bass beats]
Oh my God! That is huge news!
Tell us a little bit about yourself.
Where are you from.
how did you get discovered?
I want. we want to know everything.
[Music stops]
Well. I mean...
there's really not very much to tell.
I'm just a girl
from a very small town in Indiana.
I'm sure that you've never heard of it.
In fact. it's not even a town.
I'm not sure you could
really even call it a village. It's...
a farm. perhaps?
[Audience laughs]
[She laughs. sarcastically]
[Music resumes]
- [Music fades]
- [Sue] But. ever since I can remember.
it has always been my dream
to be on the screen.
This is my dream.
As a child I used to put
on shows for my family.
[Sarcastically] Your family.
[TV host] How sweet.
[Eerie reverberation]
[TV host] So...
everyone is aware
that you replaced
[He whispers] Elisabeth Sparkle.
And no doubt about it. you stepped in.
you turned up the volume.
and you rocked their world.
Were you a fan of her show?
Um...
Well...
Well. I can't...
I can't really say that I actually watched
her show.
You do know that we're not exactly
from the same generation.
And you have to admit
it was a bit old-fashioned.
Jurassic Fitness. really.
[Audience laughs]
Jurassic Fitness?
It needed a change.
[Sombre reverberation]
I'll fucking show you.
You wanna see some Jurassic Fitness?
[Sombre. bass beats]
You want it?
Come on.
come get
your fucking Jurassic Fitness!
[Frenetic rumbling]
- [Music stops]
- But my mother was a huge fan of hers.
[Glass breaks]
So every morning.
rain or shine.
Sparkle Your Life was on TV.
So. in a way. I grew up with her.
Whether I liked it or not.
[Audience laughs]
I guess that's why you can say
we have some sort of connection.
"Some sort of connection."
You wouldn't exist
without me.
[Intense. dramatic music;
Loud whirring]
[Music fades]
It is time. ladies and gentlemen.
for our final question.
The question that we ask
each and every one of our guests.
Okay.
Would you share one of your little
beauty secrets with us?
Just one little trick of yours
that helps you look so incredibly
stunning. I mean. look at you.
- I don't know...
- [Elisabeth] Say it!
Say it!
- Let me think.
- Say it.
Tell them
who your little beauty secret is.
I guess...
- Why don't we just show them right here?
- [Sombre music resumes]
Here's your little beauty secret.
I guess I just try to be myself.
To be sincere
and grateful for all that I have.
And to always remember
to lead with my heart.
[TV host] Aw. America's sweetheart.
- [Music stops]
- [Sarcastically] I just...
I try to be myself.
Stop it!
Stop it.
You're taking it from me.
That's your little secret.
Stop it!
Stop it. stop it. stop it.
You have to...
...control yourself!
[Deep. sombre thud]
[Eerie music. faint squelching]
I can't go back inside her.
[She retches]
Gross. old.
fat.
disgusting!
[Music intensifies]
[Music fades]
[Upbeat swing music]
[Dreamy twinkling;
Music stops]
[Quiet. placid music]
Coming to bed?
Yes.
I'll be right there.
[Soft. uneasy music;
synth beat]
[Deep rumbling]
[Sue gasps]
[High-pitched. disturbing ringing]
[Muffled heartbeats and breathing]
Fuck.
[She whimpers]
[Ringback tone]
- [Deep voice] Yes?
- Hi!
Hi. this is an emergency.
There's no more stabilizer fluid.
Hello?
It's fucking 503.
[Deep voice] Yes.
I'm telling you. this is urgent.
There's no more stabilizer fluid.
[Deep voice] It means
you've reached the end.
What do you mean. the end?
[Deep voice] You've drained it all out.
If you want more.
you must let the fluid regenerate.
[She groans]
Tell me how to do it.
I need to stabilize myself right now.
[Deep voice] You simply have to switch.
Excuse me?
[Deep voice] The switch reboots
the fluid secretion process
so you can continue
to enjoy the experience.
No. no. no.
I can't switch. I can't.
Especially not now.
[Deep voice] There is no other option.
[High-pitched. distorted ringing]
[She whimpers]
[Muffled grunts;
Eerie reverberations]
[Music stops]
Sue?
[Thick thud]
[Elisabeth gasps. coughs]
[Gurgling in the distance]
Babe?
Sue?
You alright?
[Elisabeth grunts]
Stressed out about tomorrow?
[Eerie screech echoes]
Babe?
Babe.
[Eerie screech stops]
Sue? Is something wrong?
You a little cranky because
of your lady business?
[Deep. distorted reverberation]
Sue. open the door.
- Come on. Sue.
- [Knocks on door]
It's not funny. I need to take a piss.
Sue. open the door.
Open the door. Sue. Come on.
[Knocks on door]
Babe.
[Unsettling music]
- Open the door.
- [Knocks on door]
[Grunting. distressed breathing]
Sue...
[Heavy knocks on door;
Music intensifies]
Open the door!
- Get out!
- [Music stops]
What the fuck?
[In a raspy voice] Get the fuck out!
Who's this? Who the fuck is this?
And leave me alone!
What the fuck!
[Bone cracks;
She grunts]
[She breathes heavily]
[Ringback tone]
[Deep voice] Yes?
I...
It's 503.
and I want to stop.
Are you sure?
Once you stop. you can't go back.
I wanna stop!
I wanna fucking stop.
We'll deliver.
[Disconnected tone]
[She grunts]
[Bass beats. eerie music]
[She grunts. breathes heavily]
Sue? I...
Fuck off!
[Music continues]
[Loud honks. sirens blare]
[Dogs bark]
[Alarm goes off]
[Deep exhalation]
[Music continues]
- [Deep voice] Are you sure?
- [Music stops]
Once you stop. you can't go back.
You will simply remain on your own.
[Uneasy buzzing]
Just on your own.
[Music resumes]
On your own...
Shut the fuck up!
On your...
[Music stops. abruptly;
Elisabeth grunts]
[Muffled heartbeat]
[Heartbeats pace slows down]
[Heartbeats stop]
[Soft. melancholic music]
[Magical twinkling joins as music rises]
[Paparazzi] Elisabeth!
- We love you!
- [Clapping and cheering]
Over here!
We love you!
[Music fades]
I can't.
I can't do this.
I need you.
Cause...
I hate myself.
[She stammers] You gotta...
you gotta get ready.
it's our big. it's our big night.
[She laughs nervously]
Come on. they're gonna
love you so much.
Come on.
One. two...
you're the only lovable part of me.
you have to come back.
[She cries] You have to come back!
Come back...
[Subtle. sombre reverberation]
Come on.
[Music crescendos]
[Abrupt silence]
Come on!
[Abrupt. intense screech]
[Sombre reverberation]
[Sharp. glitchy screech]
- [They whimper. breathe heavily]
- [Deep stinger]
[Tense. powerful electric music]
[Elisabeth gurgles]
[Music subsides;
Muffled beats]
- [Sue screams]
- [Music resumes. intensifies]
- [She grunts]
- [Music subsides]
[She pants]
[Grunting and kicking continue]
[Music resumes]
[Music stops;
They pant]
[Sharp. glitchy screech]
[Elisabeth whimpers]
[Ominous music resumes]
[Elisabeth grunts]
[Sue grunts]
[Music stops]
[Music resumes. swells]
[Macabre music]
[Muffled glitch flickers]
- [She screams]
- [Music stops. reverberates]
[Sue whimpers. pants]
[Soft. uneasy violin music;
synth beat
[Music transitions into
upbeat. jazz music]
[Man] Got an hour and a half
for makeup. Hair...
And then we gotta get you
to the fitting room. into your dress.
After that we have one final test
on stage for lighting and sound.
We have a bit of downtime
before the show starts.
[Muffled] You got it?
Okay. let's go.
Come on.
[Upbeat. jazz music continues]
[Harvey] The dress.
Wonderful!
Perfect!
- [Music subsides]
- [Muffled. distorted] And here you go...
[High-pitched ringing]
- [Music resumes]
- Good.
Can we get the dance light?
[Music stops;
Muffled reverberation]
- [Reverberation stops]
- I'm gonna be right back. sorry.
[Music continues in the background]
[She coughs]
[Cough intensifies]
[Subtle. high-pitched ringing]
[Disturbing. dissonant music;
Muffled heartbeats race]
[Music subsides]
[Muffled breathing. squelching]
[Knocks on door]
[Man] Sue. they need to see you on stage
to set the lights.
[Sue] Huh?
[Knocks on door]
[Stifled scream]
[Disturbing. airy howling]
[Deep voice] Have you ever dreamt
of a better version of yourself?
More beautiful.
more perfect...
- [Man. knocking on door] Sue?
- [Music stops]
Yes. let me meet you there.
[Man] Okay. so I'll wait for you on stage.
[Upbeat jazz music in the distance]
[Unsettling reverberations pulsates]
[Harvey. with echo] Oh! Sue!
[Jazz music fades;
Unsettling tone continues]
Sue?
Let me introduce you to the shareholders.
They have been dying to meet you.
Is everything...
okay?
- So. smile!
- [Distorted. abrupt reverberation]
It's what we want tonight!
Pretty girls should always smile.
[Indistinct chatter;
Jazz music resumes]
[Director] Girls. come on.
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
Come on. we gotta go.
Tiffany. Cindy. Ashley.
Go. go. go!
Feathers! Feathers! Feathers!
[Jazz music fades]
[Unsettling music;
Heavy breathing]
[Nail cracks]
[Muffled. distorted scream]
[Distorted] Hey. ready for tonight?
[No audible dialogue]
[Music intensifies]
[Sue crying. muffled]
[Music subsides]
[Sue] I need a better version of myself.
Please give me
a better version of myself. please.
Please!
Come on!
[Squelching]
[Distorted. aggressive music]
[Music fades]
[Crackling]
[Muffled. heavy breathing]
[Dissonant. macabre stinger]
[Eerie. suspenseful music]
[Gurgling]
[Dissonant screeches and reverberations]
[With echo] Looks like everything
sure is in the right place this time.
Please say your name.
age. measurements.
[Deep. distorted voice] I'm...
I'm...
[Music resumes]
[Loud. glitchy metallic screech]
[Music fades]
[Quiet. suspenseful music]
[Gurgling. heavy breathing]
[Music fades]
[Delicate. pensive music]
[Squelching]
[Tinkling]
[Delicate. dreamy music]
[Music fades]
[Slow-paced. sombre music]
[Harvey] Pretty girls
should always smile.
[Music continues]
[Deep. macabre stinger]
[Dampened footsteps]
[Upbeat jazz music
in the distance]
[Thick. muffled thuds]
At last. we were starting to worry.
Hurry up. you're up in five.
[Muffled. heavy breathing;
Thuds]
- [Music plays - At Last. by Etta James]
- [Canned crowd cheering]
[Elegant violin music]
There she is. so beautiful.
We love you!
This is where you belong.
and you'll always belong here.
We can't do it without you.
We could never do it without you.
- You're irreplaceable.
- [Music distorts]
[Music fades]
[Heavy breathing]
[Upbeat. rockabilly music]
[Audience murmurs]
Girls. come on. let's go.
What are we waiting for?
Alright. come on. everybody.
Let's go. let's go.
You will not be disappointed.
She's my most beautiful creation.
I have shaped her for success.
[Audience exclaims]
Five!
Four!
Three!
Two!
One!
[Powerful. loud stinger;
Soft. uneasy music]
[Audience cheers]
[Music fades]
[Powerful. loud stinger]
[Music plays - Thus Spoke Zarathustra.
by Richard Strauss]
[Contemplative. anticipating brass]
[Heavy breathing]
[Grand. dramatic strings join]
[Powerful. epic percussion joins]
[Composition swells]
[Striking crescendo]
[Composition fades]
[Loud. coarse breathing]
[Microphone distorts]
[In a deep. distorted voice] I'm so happy
to be with you tonight.
I've missed you all
so much!
[Deep. unsettling rumble]
[Laboured breathing. gurgling]
[Squelching]
[Audience murmurs]
[Audience exclaims]
[Faint. tense music]
The monster!
Shoot the monster!
It's a freak!
No!
Shoot the monster!
Don't be scared!
Monster!
It's still me!
It's me!
I'm Elisabeth! I'm Sue!
[Deep. macabre music;
Loud screaming]
Freak!
[Distorted] You freak!
[Distorted] Monster!
Freak!
Monster!
[Music subsides]
It's me!
Just me.
[Sad. wistful music]
[Music intensifies]
[Music concludes]
[Subtle. uneasy tone]
[Squelching. growling]
[Grunting]
[He gasps]
[Dissonant. macabre stinger]
[Audience screams]
[Aggressive heavy metal music]
[High-pitched ringing]
[Music stops]
[Man] Too bad her boobs aren't
in the middle of her face
instead of that nose.
[Low growling]
[Man 2] Mm-hmm.
[Man] Next!
[Loud. aggressive music resumes]
[Music stops]
[Harvey] Pretty girls should always smile.
[Aggressive music resumes]
[Music stops]
At 50 it stops.
[Music resumes]
[Music continues]
[Music concludes]
[She pants. grunts]
[She groans]
[Mild squealing and grunting]
[She exhales deeply]
[Insects chirp]
[Magical twinkling]
[Applause and cheering]
[Grand. resonating music]
So beautiful!
We love you!
You're irreplaceable!
[Music fades]
[Insects chirp]
[Birdsong]
[Whirring]
[Sirens blare in the distance]
[Eerie synth screech]
[Pulsating. electronic music]
[Music builds]
[Silence]
[Music resumes. intensifies]
[Music stops]
[Delicate piano music]
[Music continues]
[Music concludes]
[Delicate. uneasy music]
[Low. drone-like music]
[Music continues]
[Music intensifies]
[Music subsides]
[Music fades]
[Deep. resonating poundings]
[Poundings stop]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org